docs(configuration): add cache.compression (#5161)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/cache.mdx

};
```

### cache.compression

> `false | 'gzip' | 'brotli'`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false | 'gzip' | 'brotli'`

<Badge text="5.42.0+" />

```

> Compression type used for the cache files. By default it is `false` for `development` mode and `gzip` for `production` mode.

Author: defaults- https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/b53a06437a3e8b2756c550c1be6ccb33fdba03d7/lib/config/defaults.js#L301

> Compression type used for the cache files. By default it is `false` for `development` mode and `gzip` for `production` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compression type used for the cache files. By default it is `false` for `development` mode and `'gzip'` for `production` mode.

`cache.compression` option is only available when [`cache.type`](#cachetype) is set to `'filesystem'`.
```
